Add server heartbeat (#208)
256lights/zb: internal/backend/sql/schema/README.md

  If the database has a record of a build that has not finished
  but the backend process does not have a record of such a build,
  then the backend process assumes that such a build is orphaned from a previous backend process (likely a crash).

> - Server TTL to avoid multiple zb server instances from overwritting the socket.

Reviewer: In combination with previous changes:

```suggestion
- Running server information.
  This data is used to avoid multiple zb server processes from operating on the same store directory.
```

Author: updated here: https://github.com/256lights/zb/pull/208/changes/51573612e2a59df2e80d59e72f698ba30f2eb3b7
